Issue templates (#1031)
httpie/httpie: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an enhancement for HTTPie
title: ''
labels: "new, feature"
assignees: ''

---

**Checklist**

- [ ] This is a new feature or functionality
- [ ] This feature hasn't been proposed before

___

**Describe the feature or enhancement you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen

**Is it related to a problem? Please describe**

> A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Eg. "I'm always frustrated when [...]". If there are any related issues, link them here

Reviewer: I think it's better to avoid latinisms.  It also looks cleaner there's a line break after the quote.
```suggestion
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. For example: "I'm always frustrated when [...]".
If there are any related issues, link them here
```

Author: I agree that it looks cleaner on a new line, however, these section descriptions are meant to be deleted when a given user fills out a report. Therefore, it makes sense to keep it as concise as possible
